Add cron over CLI configuration tip (#565)
contao/docs: docs/dev/framework/cron.md

* * * * * php /path/to/contao/vendor/bin/contao-console contao:cron
```

{{% notice tip %}}

> On the command line is no HTTP request context available. Contao needs this for example 
> to generate the sitemap. You can set the domain in the root site configuration or via 
> configuration file. See [Symfony Routing Documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/current/routing.html#generating-urls-in-commands)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no HTTP request context available on the command line. However, Contao needs
this to generate the sitemap for example. You can set the domain either in the settings of
your website roots or you can define a default domain in your application configuration.
See the [Symfony Routing Documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/4.4/routing.html#generating-urls-in-commands) for more details.
```

I have changed the link to the 4.4 documentation, since the 5.1 (current) one doesn't actually explain the relevant parameters unfortunately. Can you also add the example code like this? Couldn't do it via suggestion.

```yaml
# config/parameters.yml
parameters:
    router.request_context.host: 'example.org'
    router.request_context.scheme: 'https'
```

* * * * * php /path/to/contao/vendor/bin/contao-console contao:cron
```

{{% notice tip %}}
There is no HTTP request context available on the command line. However, Contao needs
this to generate the sitemap for example. You can set the domain either in the settings of
your website roots or you can define a default domain in your application configuration.
See the [Symfony Routing Documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/4.4/routing.html#generating-urls-in-commands) for more details.
{{% /notice %}}

```yml
# config/parameters.yml
parameters:
    router.request_context.host: 'example.org'
    router.request_context.scheme: 'https'

> ```

Reviewer: Inside the notice please 🙃

Author: Ah, wasn't sure if that would work.

Reviewer: Yes, we made some CSS changes to make it work. It only works within notices, if it's the last element and if there is only one paragraph.
